Documented the `--platform` flag for okteto build (#419)
okteto/docs: src/content/reference/cli.mdx

| _--secret_       |  (list)  | Secret files exposed to the build. Format: `id=mysecret,src=/local/secret` |
| _--export-cache_ | (string) | Image tag for exported cache when build (optional)                         |
| _--cache-from_   |  (list)  | List of cache source images (optional)                                     |

> | _--platform_     | (string) | Specify which platform to build the container image for (optional)                                     |

Reviewer: Can we include the allowed values?  (Or at least the most common?)

Reviewer 2: Could you mention about what are the allowed values you're mentioning here? Or any reference if they have been documented somewhere?

Reviewer: I don't think we have them documented anywhere. @pchico83 which platform combinations do we support?

Reviewer 2: I think we can go with the platforms I've mentioned in the example -  x86_64 and ARM-based platforms. Wdyt?

Reviewer 3: Buildkit support AMD 64-bit, Arm 64-bit, and Armv7 architectures

Reviewer 2: I've already provided examples for AMD 64 and ARMv7. Do we need to make any changes further?

>  You can also use the `-f` to point to a Dockerfile. In this mode, `okteto build` will ignore your Okteto manifest, and directly build the image defined in the Dockerfile. Use this to build images that are not defined on your [Okteto manifest](https://www.okteto.com/docs/reference/manifest/).

With `oktet build --platform` you can specify the platform (or architecture) for which you'd like to build the container images for. Suppose you want to deploy your web application on a Kubernetes cluster that consists of nodes running on both x86-64 and ARMv7 architectures. By using the multiplatform images

> built using `okteto build --platform`, you can deploy the same image across the cluster without worrying about the underlying hardware differences. 

Reviewer: Could you add a small example of the command needed for the scenario you added?

Reviewer 2: I think _Suppose you want to deploy your web_.... does that, isn't it?

Reviewer: I meant examples of the okteto commands to build the image in different platforms.

Reviewer 2: Resolved! The latest image has been published on the PR description.

| _--secret_       |  (list)  | Secret files exposed to the build. Format: `id=mysecret,src=/local/secret` |
| _--export-cache_ | (string) | Image tag for exported cache when build (optional)                         |
| _--cache-from_   |  (list)  | List of cache source images (optional)                                     |
| _--platform_     | (string) | Specify which platform to build the container image for (optional)                                     |

>  You can also use the `-f` to point to a Dockerfile. In this mode, `okteto build` will ignore your Okteto manifest, and directly build the image defined in the Dockerfile. Use this to build images that are not defined on your [Okteto manifest](https://www.okteto.com/docs/reference/manifest/).

> With `oktet build --platform` you can specify the platform (or architecture) for which you'd like to build the container images for. Suppose you want to deploy your web application on a Kubernetes cluster that consists of nodes running on both x86-64 and ARMv7 architectures. By using the multiplatform images

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
With `oktet build --platform` you can specify the platform (or architecture) on which you'd like to build the container images. For example, you could use a multiplatform image and the `okteto build --platform` command to deploy your web application on a Kubernetes cluster that consists of nodes running on both x86-64 and ARMv7 architectures.
```

@nitishfy Thanks so much for this PR 🙇 I've made this non-blocking suggestion to be a bit more concise and direct (imo), but happy for you to object or propose alternative wording 🙂

> With `oktet build --platform` you can specify the platform (or architecture) for which you'd like to build the container images. For example, you could use a multiplatform image and the `okteto build --platform` command to deploy your web application on a Kubernetes cluster that consists of nodes running on both x86-64 and ARMv7 architectures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With `okteto build --platform` you can specify the platform (or architecture) for which you'd like to build the container images. For example, you could use a multiplatform image and the `okteto build --platform` command to deploy your web application on a Kubernetes cluster that consists of nodes running on both x86-64 and ARMv7 architectures.
```

> built using `okteto build --platform`, you can deploy the same image across the cluster without worrying about the underlying hardware differences. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Using this method you can deploy the same image across the cluster without worrying about the underlying hardware differences. 
```

Let's consider an example where you have a Node.js application that you want to build and deploy on both x86_64 and ARM-based platforms. You have a Dockerfile in your project directory that defines the build process. Here's
how Okteto CLI can help you build multiplatform images for your application:

1. Building the image for x86_64 architecture:

```console
okteto build -t myapp:latest --platform linux/amd64
```

2. Building the image for ARMv7 architecture:

```console
okteto build -t myapp:latest --platform linux/arm/v7
```

3. Building a multiarchitectural image:

```console
okteto build -t myapp:latest --platform linux/amd64,linux/arm/v7
```

This command builds a multi-architecture Docker image named *myapp* with the latest tag for both x86_64 and ARM platforms.

By using these commands, you can easily build the application image for different platforms without needing to maintain separate Dockerfiles or perform manual modifications. 
This is particularly useful when you want to deploy your application to heterogeneous environments where you have both x86_64 and ARM-based devices, such as a mixed-cluster Kubernetes setup.

> Furthermore, This use case allows you to seamlessly distribute and scale your application across different hardware architectures without needing to maintain separate 
> images for each platform. 

Reviewer: I think this is redundant with the previous paragraph. Let's keep the other one instead. 
```suggestion

```

Reviewer 2: Fixed!
